# Question 3: Finding pair wise consecutive :

## Given a stack of integers of size N, your task is to complete the function pairWiseConsecutive(), that checks whether numbers in the stack are pairwise consecutive or not. The pairs can be increasing or decreasing, and if the stack has an odd number of elements, the element at the top is left out of a pair. The function should retain the original stack content.

Only following standard operations are allowed on stack.

•	push(X): Enter a element X on top of stack.

•	pop(): Removes top element of the stack.

•	empty(): To check if stack is empty.

Input Format:

The first line of input contains T denoting the number of testcases. T testcases follow. Each testcase contains two lines of input. The first line contains n denoting the number of elements to be inserted into the stack. The second line contains the elements to be inserted into the stack.

Output Format:

For each testcase, in a new line, print "Yes"(without quote) if the elements of the stack is pairwise consecutive, else print "No".
Your Task:

This is a function problem. You only need to complete the function pairWiseConsecutive that takes a stack as an argument and returns true if the stack is found to be pairwise consecutive, else it returns false. The printing is done by the driver code.
Constraints:

1 < =T <= 100

1 < =N <= 103

### Example:

Input:

2

6

1 2 3 4 5 6

5

1 5 3 9 7

Output:

Yes

No

## ✅Python code:

```
def pairWiseConsecutive(l):
    if len(l)%2!=0:
        l.pop()
    i=0
    while i<len(l):
        m=l.pop()
        if len(l)==0:
            break
        n=l.pop()
        diff=abs(m-n)
        if diff==1 and m%2==0 and n%2!=0:
            continue
        elif diff==1 and m%2!=0 and n%2==0:
            continue
        else:
            return False
    return True
```
